## ML

#### Regression: I have used several regression models to make the predictions. Below are the links to the projects. 

1. [Linear Regression](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1LGQLPbNpL7avMILFryOIgNpKIKrZIMSm?usp=sharing): In this regression problem, we are predicting the salary range of different individuals based on the years of experience. We have used metrics such as mean squared error and mean absolute error to test the linear regression model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with mean absolute error of approximately 6200$ respectively. We were able to make the predictions of a person who has about 10 years of experience. The salary of that person would be about 120k$ based on the data that we have trained using only just years of experience as a feature. 

2. [Mutliple Linear Regression](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1aMtgAThagsj89Cttfcc4CVkxnP5uSbeU?usp=sharing): In this regression problem, we are predicting the Profit gained by the organisation based on the features. We have used metrics such as mean squared error and mean absolute error to test the mutliple linear regression model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with mean absolute error of approximately 7500$ respectively. 

3. [Polynomial Regression](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tkqamTKhrxNOVpHOFPdU1b8rXDh8A1P8?usp=sharing): In this regression problem, we are predicting the salary range of different individuals based on the job role hierarchy. We have used metrics such as mean squared error and mean absolute error to test the Polynomial regression model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with mean absolute error of approximately 12,000$ respectively. We were able to make the predictions of salary of a person who is a CEO of a company to be approximately 998k$. 

4. [Support Vector Regression (SVR)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1IeMwpIl7oe8IwJr_v5HmR04z9HpNPno7?usp=sharing): In this regression problem, we are predicting the salary range of different individuals based on the job role hierarchy. We have used metrics such as mean squared error and mean absolute error to test the Support Vector Machine regression model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with mean absolute error of approximately 200k$ respectively. We were able to make the predictions of salary of a person who is a CEO of a company to be approximately 557k$.

5. [Decision Trees](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1YD8dC8pRuIMoXbKImcz2NyxjXZyfIhiJ?usp=sharing): In this regression problem, we are predicting the salary range of different individuals based on the job role hierarchy. We have used metrics such as mean squared error and mean absolute error to test the Decision Trees regression model. We were able to make the predictions of salary of a person who is a CEO of a company to be exactly 1M$.

6. [Random Forest](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1dsL0Xp9uyptw6sspu7Guc4Ez-4JJu7eX?usp=sharing): In this regression problem, we are predicting the salary range of different individuals based on the job role hierarchy. We have used metrics such as mean squared error and mean absolute error to test the Random Forest regression model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with mean absolute error of approximately 22$ respectively. We were able to make the predictions of salary of a person who is a CEO of a company to be approximately 850k$.


#### Classification: I have used several classification models to make the predictions. Below are the links to the projects. 

1. [Logistic Regression](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/13QcMIfnBbVadxAbZ_psRP-9wbZHGQWpp?usp=sharing): In this classification problem, we are predicting if a customer is going to purchase(response variable) based on their age, salary(predictors). We have used metrics such as confusion matrix, classification report, accuracy score to test the Logistic regression model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with an accuracy of 87%.

2. [KNN Classifier](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1aYLFit63gKb3Ksxr7gNjczFwOl6yM1N3?usp=sharing): In this classification problem, we are predicting if a customer is going to purchase(response variable) based on their age, salary(predictors). We have used metrics such as confusion matrix, classification report, accuracy score to test the KNN Classifier model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with an accuracy of 93%.

3. [SVM](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1zdoz1vK5Gh6NR0SGXXOgcUEYpMD4bw6V?usp=sharing): In this classification problem, we are predicting if a customer is going to purchase(response variable) based on their age, salary(predictors). We have used metrics such as confusion matrix, classification report, accuracy score to test the SVM model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with an accuracy of 88%.

4. [Kernel SVM](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1BFLhcjGm45_ixPAJo2lkq3o-Vlt7Iv-b?usp=sharing): In this classification problem, we are predicting if a customer is going to purchase(response variable) based on their age, salary(predictors). We have used metrics such as confusion matrix, classification report, accuracy score to test the Kernel SVM model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with an accuracy of 93%.

5. [Naives-Bayes Classifier](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1v_D0WZso9HE2sSWAC2sGshSMd1qR6MZt?usp=sharing): In this classification problem, we are predicting if a customer is going to purchase(response variable) based on their age, salary(predictors). We have used metrics such as confusion matrix, classification report, accuracy score to test the Naives-Bayes Classifier model. We were successfully able to make the predictions with an accuracy of 91%.
